This is my C language repo.  I may put personal projects here, but at the moment it is mainly used for learning purposes.  Example learning projects include implementing cdecl as assigned in Expert C Programming: Deep C Secrets, implementing datastructures I learned in CS225 at UIUC for use in my C programs, the assignments in 21st Century C, Advanced Programming in the Unix Environment, and eventually assignments from Programming with Posix Threads.  

The purpose of putting something on Github in a public profile when it is not expected to provide many projects for public use is to provide ease of superficial progress analysis, enabling working on the same project on any of my computers, and allowing comment on ways I could improve my code.

I am not providing any  licence for the code on this repo as I do not know if I am legally able to provide license for code which will draw heavily on assignments from books, possibly including code snippets pulled from those books, which the books allow me to use in limited context.  Also, if you happen to be pulling code from someone's personal homework, I can't imagine it will be all that helpful for you.  It will probably be inefficient and difficult to squeeze any use from the code I post in this repo, and if you want to learn how to do what I'm trying to learn, then why would you be pulling code from me?  Perhaps to compare with your own code.  I would encourage that, and welcome suggestions or questions about why I do what I do.  